are you sure this is the right town oh
yes yes I am sure I am sure all right um
if you say so I'll just uh hopefully it
won't be as bad as the last time i was
in head oh I'm sure it will be hahaha
wait what it was that you just said oh
nothing nothing well um Oh having this
terrible life I shall dumb huh I shall
see you soon as a matter of fact I would
be appearing on some more than you think
you know wait what do you mean by that
oh you'll see you'll see wink wink nod
nod hahaha yeah goodbye are you
cheese-eating surrender monkey i'll
hopefully i'll never see you again haha
that's what do you think haha bye-bye
now home I'll see you in next episode
huh oh okay that was weird all right new
town maybe it's not as bad as I'm
thinking it could babe it's it's it's
not toilet at least alright so um I
wonder where I have to go to find my
house
your house is right that way
ah who are you Makka lover Oh from that
n64 game no you silly monkey oh are you
the glove from super smash brothers no
you idiot are you the glove from the wii
menu no one is cousin yay okay then um
what do you what do you want from me
well I'm your guide into this wonderful
world dash town oh um what does that
mean that means I get to follow you
around ah oh um okay uh you'll be
helpful right the least oh um well uh
can you um show me where my house is all
right all right I'll be enough been
helpful see I'll tell you where you
gotta go first you're actually supposed
to go to the tempo first not all right
if you say so hey hey clover clover
widget oh whatever hey I know you yeah
you're for you lift in Toyland you are
the post office lady there too darling I
don't know what you talking about I've
been living in this town for 20-odd
years darling oh well um your voice
sounds a little bit different but but
but but I someone exactly look looks
exactly like you was in my town oh
darling that's my identical cousin I
have identical cousins all across the
universe oh um how does that work well
have you ever heard of Pokemon no not
really oh darling well it's kind of like
that but but my identical cousins can't
exist it's physically impossible unless
you had the same parents then and then
that case that wouldn't make you cousins
or would it oh you sound the kill bill
is you're probably in bread anyway
thanks darling that's a compliment where
I come from okay then well can you tell
me how to get to my house oh darling we
got a few houses picked out for you just
go left and you can find pick whichever
one you won't sweetie oh okay well um
I'll see you later bye hey where were
you have you ever run in the great gazoo
for the Flintstones
no no I haven't oh wow kind of like him
yay hate your voice just get a little
bit lower I'm going to go oh okay um
well let's go see where we're gonna live
will Bob ever find a house is this town
20 times worse than Toyland did you wait
all these months for a stupid episode
find out all the answers to this and
many more questions on the next episode
of animal crossing near bridge series